at the end of april with many new cases
every day he tweeted
quote free america now in all caps
on this issue we do not agree
i mean this is a hot button issue where
rationality
takes a back seat so in the grand scheme
of things i think this
is you know what we have is something
with a very low
mortality rate and high contagion and
something as of low risk to a young
person
is of high risk to an older person
essentially the thing the right thing to
do would be
to not have done lockdown for the whole
country but
to have i think anyone who's at risk
should be quarantined until the storm
passes all right but this
storm is coming again you know you're
talking a lot about saving humanity but
these are humans
that die in the process everybody dies
i know that elon i get that the the
question is what
what on balance is the greater good and
you feel lockdowns did not do that
no this is a
no-win situation it has it has
diminished my faith in humanity this
whole thing
because the irrationality
of of people in general will you get a
vaccine are you
what do you do with your own family you
won't get a vaccine why is that
i'm i'm not at risk for coverage
nor my kid so you won't do that no
and how do you what do you do now do you
do you just go to work is that how
you're
conducting yourself and your family yeah
yeah
this entire time spacex has been at work
this through this entire thing
we didn't skip a day we had national
security clearance
because we're doing national security
work we sent astronauts to the space
station and back
tesla has been apart from several weeks
where we're shut down by the state
and then overzealous alameda county
which is a travesty but apart from that
we've been making cars this entire time
and um it's been great how do you answer
your employees you say
i think you're putting me and my family
at risk
what do you say to them then stay home
that's it yeah do they get penalized for
that or just what's
it's what can they do if they feel that
they are
at risk i mean if they have a legitimate
reason to be at risk then that
you know they should stay home all right
so when they decide what this is your
policy
when these workers are worried and do
you feel that they have a
i want to just get back to that put
yourselves in their issues do you feel
they have
a good reason to be worried um and do
you feel a duty to pay them and make
sure they're
okay despite the fact that you don't
agree with how they feel about kovid
versus how you feel about it just move
on
just move on that's what you want to do
cara i do not want to get into uh debate
about a new situation okay all right
okay i want to finish up
talking about it in the podcast now we
can do it okay what do you say no we
don't
i don't want to end it i just want to
understand where you felt but i do i
feel like i understand where you are
so one of the things and i should say
we've also spent quite a lot of time
with the hobbit epidemiology team
doing antibody studies tesla makes
the vaccine for machines for cure vac
gates said something about me not
knowing what what it's doing
it's like paid knucklehead we actually
make the vaccine machines for cure back
that company you're invested in
seems like you have a lot of passion
around this topic like that you feel
this has been blown and that there are
better ways to do it which is
what you do in your other parts of your
life correct whether it's
tesla or spacex the rockets aren't
aren't being reused the cars aren't
electric
the way we address viruses is irrational
it's very irrational